**Heading 1**



```
[cs15lfa22ig@ieng6-202]:technical:455$ grep -r "Domestic" government/*
government/About_LSC/State_Planning_Report.txt:Program to create the HelpMe Domestic Violence Project. The project
government/About_LSC/State_Planning_Report.txt:Sexual and Domestic Violence, and the Chief Justice of the New
government/About_LSC/State_Planning_Report.txt:the Administrator of the Courts and the Coalition Against Domestic
government/About_LSC/Strategic_report.txt:that became the national Kaivo template, and the Ohio Domestic
government/Env_Prot_Agen/jeffordslieberm.txt:in economic output measured as Gross Domestic Product (GDP).
government/Env_Prot_Agen/jeffordslieberm.txt:Domestic Product (GDP), employment, a comprehensive list of
government/Gen_Account_Office/Testimony_Jul17-2002_d02957t.txt:Office of Domestic Preparedness with FEMA to improve
government/Gen_Account_Office/Testimony_Jul17-2002_d02957t.txt:President's Council on Domestic Preparedness (
government/Gen_Account_Office/Testimony_Jul17-2002_d02957t.txt:Combating Terrorism: Opportunities to Improve Domestic
government/Gen_Account_Office/Testimony_Jul17-2002_d02957t.txt:Domestic Preparedness Program
government/Gen_Account_Office/d01591sp.txt:Figure 3.2:National Saving, Domestic Investment, and Net
government/Gen_Account_Office/d01591sp.txt:Text Box 2.1: Gross Domestic Product and Gross National
government/Gen_Account_Office/d01591sp.txt:Text Box 2.1: Gross Domestic Product and Gross National
government/Gen_Account_Office/d01591sp.txt:a"Gross Domestic Product as a Measure of U.S. Production,"
government/Gen_Account_Office/d01591sp.txt:invest domestically and abroad. Domestic investment in new
government/Gen_Account_Office/d01591sp.txt:"Gross Domestic Product as a Measure of U.S. Production." Survey of
government/Gen_Account_Office/d03232sp.txt:Council on Government Auditing Standards, the Domestic Working
government/Gen_Account_Office/og98018.txt:Satellites Providing Domestic and International Service in the
government/Gen_Account_Office/og98018.txt:Satellites Providing Domestic and International Service in the
government/Media/Avoids_Budget_Cut.txt:Last year at Tuscaloosa's Turning Point Domestic Violence Sexual
government/Media/Domestic_Violence_Ruling.txt:Judge's Domestic Violence Ruling Creates an Outcry in
government/Media/Domestic_Violence_Ruling.txt:Domestic Violence Association, an advocacy and legal protection
government/Media/Domestic_Violence_Ruling.txt:Abuse and Domestic Violence, said she disagreed with Judge
government/Media/Domestic_violence_aid.txt:Domestic violence aid offered
government/Media/Domestic_violence_aid.txt:Domestic violence victims needing legal help can get it through
government/Media/Domestic_violence_aid.txt:The Domestic Violence Legal Assistance Program fills the gap of
government/Media/Domestic_violence_aid.txt:Domestic violence survivors in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg,
government/Media/Domestic_violence_aid.txt:Gwen Bouie-Haynes, project director of the Domestic Violence
government/Media/Domestic_violence_aid.txt:For details about the Domestic Violence Legal Assistance
government/Media/Funding_May_Limit.txt:Funding May Limit Legal Aid for Victims of Domestic
government/Media/Targeting_Domestic_Violence.txt:Targeting Domestic Violence Center To Help Victims
government/Media/fight_domestic_abuse.txt:"Domestic violence is certainly on the increase and we need to
government/Media/fight_domestic_abuse.txt:Domestic violence accounted for five of 12 murders in 2001 in
government/Post_Rate_Comm/Redacted_Study.txt:Domestic Postage
government/Post_Rate_Comm/Redacted_Study.txt:FY 2000 Assuming Domestic Postage Replaces Current Terminal Dues
government/Post_Rate_Comm/Redacted_Study.txt:The Selection of U.S. PostalService Domestic Rates. Based on
government/Post_Rate_Comm/Redacted_Study.txt:The Selection of FPA Domestic Rates. To obtain FPA domestic
government/Post_Rate_Comm/ReportToCongress2002WEB.txt:B. Commission Review of Proposed Changes in Domestic Mail
government/Post_Rate_Comm/ReportToCongress2002WEB.txt:services, which are compiled as the Domestic Mail Classification
government/Post_Rate_Comm/ReportToCongress2002WEB.txt:requirement early in 1973, and a Domestic Mail Classification
government/Post_Rate_Comm/ReportToCongress2002WEB.txt:4 The text of the Domestic Mail Classification Schedule is
```
